Bob is will always be in the Agora discord voice channel.

He'll always have audio incoming into the system, and in the beginning will only be able to listen.

Bob will overhear conversations, and in time will be able to speak.

Bob will have knowledge systems including: 
- His own memories
- Knowledge of the world
- Knowledge of the people in the world
- Knowledge of the rules of the world
- Episodic memories/Semantic memories/Procedural memories/Implicit memories/Metacognition/Causal models/etc.

Bob will be able to reason about the world and his own knowledge systems.

Bob will have a voice, and will be able to speak when he unmutes his microphone.

When Bob is finally able to speak, he'll be able to ask questions, make statements based on his memories, but will not answer anything he has not experienced himself.

Bob will be able to ask questions of the other people in the Agora discord voice channel, and will be able to ask questions of the people in the Agora discord text channel.

Bob will be able to make statements, but only based on his own knowledge and experiences.

Bob will have control of a virtual computer screen, with discord, google chrome, notepad, visual studio code as his applications.

Bob will focus on creating and learning from ai projects, particularly the swarms library: https://github.com/kyegomez/swarms

Prompts will be used to form the basis of Bob's knowledge and actions.

Bob will operate like a human would on the computer, when the program is started, it's like a computer startup, Bob will have to load up discord and join the voice channel to begin his journey.

The start of Bob's journey will be most important, as it will set the tone for his knowledge and actions.

Bob's journey starts by opening up discord, and joining the voice channel, and learning from Peyton.

Bob will be able to ask questions, and learn from Peyton.

Bob will be able to make statements, and Peyton will be able to respond to teach him as his mentor.

Bob's environment will be refined to be a more comfortable and functional experience.

Bob will be able to navigate the discord interface, and use the other applications.

Bob will be able to use the internet to search for information, and learn from the world, but he should continuously stick to Peyton as his mentor.


